AGREEMENT FOR PROVISION OF SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT SERVICES

  This SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (hereinafter the "Agreement") is
  made on this --2--1 day of -September 2021 (“Effective Date”)

  BETWEEN:

  GOGLOBAL RESEARCH PTE. LTD, a company incorporated under the laws of
  Singapore with its principal office in Singapore, represented herein
  by hereinafter referred to as "GoGlobal SG" or “Company”, which
  expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the context or
  meaning thereof be deemed to mean and include the successors,
  executors, administrators, representatives and permitted assigns) of
  the Company.

  AND

  GOGLOBAL INFORMATION SECURITY PRIVATE LIMITED, a company incorporated
  under the Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered office in
  Bengaluru represented herein by (hereinafter referred to as "GoGlobal
  India" or “Service Provider”, which expression shall unless excluded
  by or repugnant to the context or meaning thereof be deemed to mean
  and include the successors, executors, administrators, representatives
  and permitted assigns) of Service Provider.

  The Company and Service Provider are individually referred to as a
  "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".

  WHEREAS:

A.  The Company is engaged in the business of providing artificial
    intelligence-based risk management services.

B.  Service Provider is incorporated with the objective of, inter alia,
    providing contract technology and technical support and related
    business support and market support services.

C.  Service Provider has represented that it has necessary
    infrastructure and technological capability and adequate
    professionals to perform services envisaged herein on a timely basis
    and in a professional manner.

D.  The Company is desirous of procuring the services of the Service
    Provider on the terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement.

E.  The Parties hereby enter into this Agreement to record the terms and
    conditions of the resale arrangement.

  NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MUTUAL COVENANTS HEREIN
  CONTAINED, THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.  Definitions

    1.  "Affiliates" shall mean any corporation, partnership, joint
        venture or other business entity that directly or indirectly,
        controls, is controlled by, or is under common control of the
        Company or the Service Provider. For purposes of the foregoing
        definition, "control" (including "control by" and "under common
        control with") shall mean ownership of or the right to
        acquire: (a) not less than twenty percent (20%) of the voting
        stock of a corporation,(b) the right to vote not less than
        twenty percent (20%) of the voting stock of a corporation (or,
        in the case of a non-corporate entity, equivalent rights),
        or (c) not less than twenty percent (20%) ownership interest in
        a partnership or other business entity.

    2.  "Confidential Information" includes but is not limited to
        information which is or fairly be considered to be of a
        confidential nature, disclosed to or obtained by Service
        Provider, whether (without limitation) in graphic, written,
        electronic or machine readable form on floppy diskettes or
        orally; and whether or not the information is expressly stated
        to be confidential or marked as such, in writing, and also
        includes all Intellectual Property, but is not limited to -

        a.  Information of value or significance to Company or its
              competitors (present or potential) such as:

            -   Customer data, in particular, names, addresses, sales
                  figures and sales conditions of Company and its
                  present or prospective clients.

            -   Distribution data, in particular, names, addresses,
                  sales figures and sales conditions of present or
                  prospective distributors, agents and licensees of
                  Company.

            -   Manufacturing data, in particular, procurement and
                  manufacturing procedures, the fees, discounts,
                  commissions and other credits relating to the
                  software.

            -   Supplier’s data, in particular, names, addresses, sales
                  figures, and sales condition of present or prospective
                  suppliers of software and hardware to Company, whether
                  in India or abroad.

            -   Business data, particularly data relating to new
                  products, promotion campaigns, distribution
                  strategies, license agreements and joint ventures in
                  which Company is involved.

            -   Software data, particularly information relating to the
                  software and the modules thereof as well as any
                  devices designed by Company to prevent unauthorized
                  copying.

            -   Research and development data, particularly information
                  relating to the software and hardware developments of
                  Company.

            -   Financial data, in particular, concerning budgets, the
                  fees and revenue calculations, sales figures,
                  financial statements, profit expectations and
                  inventories of Company.

        b.  Original information supplied by Company;

        c.  Information not known to competitors of Company nor intended
              by Company for general dissemination, including but not
              limited to, policies, strategies, the identity of various
              product-suppliers or service-providers, billing schedules,
              needs of its clients, information as to the profitability
              of specific accounts, and information about Company itself
              and its executives, officers, directors and Service
              Provider;

        d.  Any business or technical information relating to Company,
              including but not limited to financial information,
              equipment, documentation, strategies, marketing plans,
              prospective leads or target accounts, pricing information,
              information relating to existing, previous and potential
              customers and contracts disclosed by Company to the
              Service Provider;

        e.  Any copies of the above-mentioned information; but does not
              include:

            -   that which is in the public domain other than by the
                  Service Provider’s breach,

  of this Agreement, or of any other confidentiality agreement;

-   that which was previously known, as established by written records
      of the Service Provider, prior to receipt from Company;

-   that which was lawfully obtained by the Service Provider from a
      Third Party; and

-   that which was developed independently by the Service Provider
      without access to the Confidential Information provided by
      Company.

3.  “Designated Projects” means the projects identified and communicated
    by the Company to the Service Provider for performance by the
    Service Provider from time to time within the scope of the
    description of Services provided in Section 2 of this Agreement.

4.  “Intellectual Property Rights” means all and any registered and
    unregistered rights granted, applied for or otherwise now or
    hereafter in existence under or related to any patent, copyright,
    trademark, trade secret, database protection or other intellectual
    property rights laws, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms
    of protection, in any part of the world.

5.  “Services” means the services provided under this Agreement,
    including but not limited to, interpreting software requirements,
    writing software codes, performing unit level testing, checking in/
    out software modules, using internal tools for compiling; supporting
    customer feature enhancements, product defects and software
    maintenance, managing cloud servers, databases, writing and
    maintaining software/product documentation

6.  “Third Party” means any person who is not a party to this Agreement
    and includes the customers and prospective customers’ of the
    Company.

7.  “Work Product” means any product that is created or developed by the
    Service Provider in course of providing Services to Company.

2.  Provision of Services

    1.  Subject to the provisions of this Section 2 and other terms and
        conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby appoints the
        Service Provider for provision of the Services in accordance
        with the instructions received from the Company from time to
        time.

3.  Invoicing

    1.  In relation to the software development service, the Company
        would remunerate the service provider on a cost-plus mark-up of
        17%. Cost incurred for the purpose of this section means Service
        Provider’s total operating costs which are required in order to
        provide the Services, stated in accordance with corporate and
        tax laws of India and Singapore. Operating costs shall include
        all direct costs, plus reasonably allocated indirect costs,
        including depreciation or amortisation costs for capital
        expenses related

  to the Services, losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations.
  Gains (if any) by the Service Provider on foreign exchange
  fluctuations would be reduced in computing the operating costs.
  Service Provider shall use Company’s standard internal accounting
  standards (if permissible) or standards as close as permissible under
  the corporate and tax laws of India and Singapore, as the case may be.

2.  Service Provider shall raise an invoice on a monthly basis for the
    Services rendered during each month at the rate specified in 3.1
    above. Each invoice shall contain such details as the Company may
    reasonably request.

3.  At the end of each year, on due completion of audit of accounts of
    the Service Provider as per applicable laws, Service Provider shall
    raise an additional invoice for unbilled revenue.

4.  All invoices shall be raised in US Dollars unless otherwise agreed.

5.  For all or any cost incurred by the Service Provider in Indian
    Rupees, the amount shall be converted into US Dollars, by applying
    the applicable Rupee-Dollar exchange rate as on the last day of the
    month for which the invoices are raised.

6.  All invoices must be e-mailed or faxed immediately and subsequently
    mailed to the Company.

4.  Payments

    1.  The Parties agree that the undisputed invoices shall be payable
        within sixty (60) days of receipt of Service Provider’s invoice.
        However, the Parties also agree that the outstanding invoices
        would be paid to the Service Provider within the time limit
        prescribed under Indian exchange control regulations.

    2.  The Company shall make the payment or have such payments made
        through banking channels directly to the bank account of Service
        Provider.

    3.  Service Provider to obliged to settle any advances received from
        the Company against future invoices to be raised by the Service
        Provider.

    4.  Any clarifications on the invoices shall be discussed and
        settled, however ensuring that payment is not delayed beyond the
        time as per 4.1 above.

    5.  Any adjustments arrived at after discussion as provided under
        4.4 above, shall be made in the subsequent invoice.

5.  Rights and obligations of the Parties

    1.  Service Provider shall employ only qualified personnel to
          perform the Services.

    2.  Service Provider shall render the Services in a professional
        manner based on internationally accepted standards.

    3.  Service Provider shall give the Designated Projects of the
        Company high priority and treat the Company as the Service
        Provider’s most preferred customer.

    4.  If the Service Provider is of the view that it shall be unable
        to provide the Services as set out in the Statement of Work for
        any reason, it shall provide a written request to Company,
        specifying the reasons for such request and an alternate course
        of action, within reasonable time. The Company shall then decide
        on the further course of action, in consultation with Service
        Provider.

    5.  In the event that Company determines that the Services provided
        are not in accordance with this Agreement, the Service Provider
        shall make all necessary changes to ensure that the Services
        meet the requisite criteria at no extra cost to the Company.

    6.  In the event that the Service Provider does not deliver the
        Services as per the specified time schedule due to default on
        its part, the Company shall be entitled to procure the Services
        required under the Agreement from a Third Party and recover the
        cost and expenses of the same from Service Provider.

    7.  In the event that the Service Provider has knowledge or
        reasonable belief that anything prevents or is likely to prevent
        or threatens to prevent the timely performance of the Services
        or other obligations of Service Provider under the Agreement, it
        shall promptly notify Company of such an event or probable
        event. The Company shall in its sole discretion grant Service
        Provider a reasonable extension of time if so requested by the

  Service Provider to complete additional or changed work in the event
  that the

  Company’s requirements materially change.

8.  The Service Provider shall provide support services in the nature of
    de-bugging, bridging gaps and rectifying errors or runtime defects
    that the products may develop.

9.  The Service Provider shall at all times maintain accurate billing
    records and invoices of the expenses incurred under the Agreement
    which shall be audited annually by the chartered accountants of the
    Service Provider.

6.  Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Parties

    1.  Service Provider hereby represents, warrants and covenants that
        it has the requisite facilities and resources to discharge and
        shall discharge the Services in a timely and efficient manner,
        and, it has the administrative, business and technical expertise
        required to perform and shall perform such Services in a
        competent and professional manner.

    2.  Either party has and shall have the authority and is lawfully
        entitled to enter into Agreement and that it is not under any
        disability, restriction or prohibition which shall prevent it
        from performing o adhering to any of it obligations under this
        Agreement.

7.  Relationship between Parties

    1.  The relationship between the Company and Service Provider,
        established by this Agreement shall be in the nature of a
        provider and recipient of services who are acting independently
        on a principal-to-principal basis.

    2.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute the
        relationship of a principal and agent, employer and employee,
        partners, joint venture, co-owners or otherwise as participants
        in a joint undertaking;

8.  Compliance with Laws

    1.  Each Party hereby agrees that its business shall be conducted in
        accordance with the applicable laws in the respective countries
        and shall strictly comply with all applicable

  laws, rules, regulations and Government orders, now or hereafter in
  effect, relating to the performance of this Agreement.

9.  Confidentiality

    1.  Service Provider agrees that it shall at all times maintain and
        keep secret and privileged the Confidential Information and
        shall not disclose or divulge the same or any part thereof to
        any Third Party without the prior written consent of Company in
        that behalf.

    2.  Service Provider agrees to use the Confidential Information only
        for the purposes of this Agreement or otherwise as expressly
        permitted by the Agreement.

    3.  Service Provider agrees not to make copies of any such
        Confidential Information or any part thereof except for the
        purpose of the Agreement.

    4.  Service Provider shall disclose the Confidential Information to
        only such other parties, to whom such disclosure is necessary
        for the performance of the obligations contained herein on a
        “need to know basis”. Service Provider shall ensure that such
        other parties shall undertake similar confidentiality
        obligations, prior to accessing the Confidential Information.

    5.  In the event that any Confidential Information is required to be
        disclosed under law, the Service Provider undertakes to make
        only such disclosures as are required to be made under law to
        the concerned authorities. The Service Provider shall intimate
        Company in writing of such mandatory disclosure norms as and
        when they may become applicable.

    6.  The Service Provider shall enter into a Confidentiality
        Agreement with any Third Party to whom it discloses or needs to
        disclose any Confidential Information.

    7.  The Service Provider shall make Company a third-party
        beneficiary in any confidentiality agreement that it may enter
        into with a Third Party.

10. Term of Agreement

    1.  This Agreement shall be effective between the Parties for an
        initial term of one year from the Effective Date or such other
        date as may be mutually agreed to between the Parties.

  The Agreement shall be automatically treated as renewed for another
  period of one year, unless otherwise terminated before the expiry of
  the term under the provisions of Section 11.

11. Termination

    1.  In the event of any material breach of, or material default
        under, this Agreement by either Party, the non-defaulting Party
        shall give the other Party written notice of such breach or
        default. The other Party shall have a period of fifteen (15)
        days from the date of receipt of such written notice within
        which the breach or default may be rectified to the satisfaction
        of the other party failing which, this Agreement may be
        terminated by written notice by the non-breaching or
        non-defaulting Party to the other Party. The termination shall
        be effective on receipt of such a notice by the other party.

    2.  Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’
        notice in writing to the other Party, without assigning any
        reason for such termination.

    3.  Service Provider shall submit to the Company, within sixty (60)
        days of such termination, a written report of all payments owed
        for Services performed prior to the termination date. The
        Company, shall pay the dues to Service Provider within
        thirty (30) days thereof.

    4.  The Agreement shall automatically terminate, without any notice
        or other action whatsoever, if either party (i) becomes the
        subject of any voluntary petition in bankruptcy or other
        voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership,
        liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such
        petition is not dismissed within thirty (30) days of filing or
        initiation thereof; (ii) is in default under any agreement or
        indenture governing indebtedness of such party.

    5.  The Parties shall have no claim whatsoever in respect of the
        assets of the other party merely because of termination of the
        Agreement under this Section;

12. Arbitration

    1.  The Parties to the Agreement hereby agree that they intend to
        discharge their obligations in utmost good faith. The Parties
        therefore agree that they will, at all times,

  act in good faith, and make all attempts to resolve all differences
  howsoever arising out of or in connection with this Agreement by
  discussion failing which, by arbitration.

2.  The Parties agree that the discussions shall be held in the spirit
    of resolution of the issues that have arisen between them with the
    intention of resolving the issues amicably at the earliest. If the
    applicant is not satisfied with the outcome of the discussions,
    within fifteen (15) days from the receipt of the response, it shall
    resort to arbitration.

3.  The Parties shall be bound to submit all disputes and differences
    howsoever arising of, or in connection with this Agreement, to
    arbitration. The Parties agree that any and all controversies,
    claims or disputes with anyone arising out of, relating to or
    resulting from performance of the Services under this Agreement or
    the termination of this Agreement, including any breach of this
    Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration under the
    provisions of the Singapore International Arbitration Act as
    amended. Such arbitration shall he conducted in English and the
    venue of arbitration shall be Singapore.

13. Indemnification

    1.  Service Provider shall, at its own cost and expense, indemnify,
        defend or settle, and hold Company free and harmless from and
        against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, actions, costs
        and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court
        costs, relating to, resulting from or in any way arising out of:

i.  In the event of breach of any of its obligations, representations or
    warranties contained herein, including loss or damage arising out of
    or in connection to (a) misconduct or negligence of the
    professionals assigned to the Designated Projects; or (b) any claim
    of infringement of any Third Party’s Intellectual Property;

ii. Any claim, suit or proceeding finally adjudicated against Company
      brought by any Third Party for any harm, loss or injury suffered
      by any Third Party arising from and out of the performance or
      non-performance of the Services provided by Service Provider
      pursuant to the Agreement;

iii. Any action of Service Provider not authorized or permitted under
     the Agreement.

     1.  The Company shall, at its own cost and expense, indemnify,
         defend or, and hold Service Provider free and harmless from and
         against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, actions, costs
         and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court
         costs, relating to, resulting from or in any way arising out of
         breach of any of its obligations, representations or warranties
         contained herein including loss or damage arising out of
         misconduct or negligence.

     1.  Limitation of liability

         1.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, neither party
             shall be liable to other party or its employees or any
             other person acting on their behalf, for any special,
             incidental, indirect or consequential damages, whether in
             contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise for any
             loss of profits, loss of business, loss of contracts, or
             revenue, loss of operation time, increased costs, wasted
             expenditure, loss of goodwill and/ or reputation, for any
             inaccuracy or corruption of data, howsoever arising out of
             this agreement, even if a party receives notice in advance
             that these kinds of damages might arise. Further the
             liability to indemnify of the Service Provider shall be
             limited to the amount of fees actually received by the
             Service Provider under this Agreement.

         2.  For the avoidance of any doubt, nothing in this Agreement
             shall exclude or limit either party’s liability to the
             other party for (i) fraud; (ii) death or personal injury
             caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct
             and (iii) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited
             as a matter of law.

     2.  Intellectual Property

         1.  Service Provider acknowledges and agrees that any and all
             Services and Work Product shall be considered
             “work-made-for-hire” within the meaning of Section 17 of
             the Indian Copyright Act, 1957 or other applicable law, and
             ownership of the entire right, title and interest in the
             Services and Work Product shall reside in the Company. The
             Service Provider further acknowledges and agrees that any
             and all Services and Work Product shall be simultaneously
             be considered work made in the employment of the Company
             under a contract of service in Section 30(6) of the
             Singapore Copyright Act (Cap. 63), Singapore; and the
             common law of Singapore. If Service Provider or any of its
             employees, consultants or agents should otherwise retain or
             be deemed to retain any rights to any of the Services or
             any Work Products, then Service Provider shall assign

  and transfer and does hereby expressly and irrevocably assign and
  transfer all rights, title, and interest, worldwide, in and to all the
  Services and Work Products, including without limitation, all
  intellectual property rights embodied in or relating to the Services
  and the Work Products. Service Provider shall ensure that Service
  Provider’s employees, agents and subcontractors appropriately waive
  any and all claims to the Services and Work Products and irrevocably
  assign and transfer to the Company any and all rights, title, and
  interests, worldwide, in and to the Services and Work Products,
  including without limitation, intellectual property and other
  proprietary rights embodied in or relating to the Services and Work
  Products. The Services and Work Products shall, at all times, between
  the parties, be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the
  Company and may not be used by Service Provider for any purpose other
  than the benefit of the Company.

2.  Service Provider shall promptly disclose and deliver to the Company
    the Services and Work Products. During the term of this Agreement,
    and at any time thereafter, Service Provider shall assist the
    Company, upon request from the Company (and, if requested after
    termination of this Agreement, at the Company’s expense), but
    without further compensation to Service Provider, in taking any
    action that may be reasonably necessary to secure, perfect,
    register, maintain and defend the Company’s right, title and
    interest in the Services and Work Products, including without
    limitation the Company’s Intellectual Property rights.

3.  Any assignment of copyright under this Clause 15 and Clause 16
    includes moral rights and to the extent moral rights cannot be
    assigned under applicable law, the Service Provider hereby waives
    such moral rights whether owned jointly or singly prior to or during
    the term of the Agreement and for one year thereafter in favor of
    the Company and consents to any action of the Company that would
    violate such moral rights in the absence of such consent. Service
    Provider will confirm any such waivers and consents from time to
    time as and when requested by the Company.

4.  Service Provider shall perform, during and after the term of this
    Agreement, all acts deemed necessary or desirable by the Company to
    permit and assist it, at the Company’s expense, in evidencing,
    perfecting, obtaining, maintaining, defending and enforcing its
    rights in the Intellectual Property and/or assignment by the Service
    Provider with respect to the Intellectual Property in any and all
    countries. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution
    of documents and assistance or cooperation in legal proceedings.

5.  Service Provider agrees to abide by the sole discretionary decision
    of the Company regarding the obtaining, gaining recognition of or
    enforcing rights in such Intellectual Property (whether as patent,
    copyright, trade secret, trademark or otherwise).

6.  Service Provider agrees that all inventions made or conceived by
    Service Provider, its employees, subcontractors or agents, during
    the term of this Agreement, and arising from the services to be
    performed pursuant to this Agreement have been and shall continue to
    be assigned to the Company as its sole exclusive property. Service
    Provider agrees to assist the Company to obtain patents for such
    inventions, including the disclosure of all pertinent information
    and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications,
    instruments or papers which the Company shall deem necessary or
    desirable in connection therewith, and to assign or convey to the
    Company, its successors, assigns or nominees, the sole and exclusive
    right, title and interest in any such inventions, applications or
    patents. If the Company does not desire to patent any of said
    inventions but desires to keep them a secret, Service Provider
    agrees to assist the Company and will not disclose any information
    in regard thereto except with the prior written consent of the
    Company. Service Provider agrees that all notes, records and
    drawings made or kept by Service Provider or its employees in
    connection with Service Provider’s services herein or in connection
    with any inventions made or conceived by Service Provider under this
    Agreement, shall be and are the sole and exclusive property of the
    Company and that the Company has the sole right to obtain copyrights
    upon any such writings. Service Provider agrees to make available
    all such notes, records and drawings and copies thereof to the
    Company immediately upon written request by the Company. Service
    Provider agrees that its obligations under this Clause 15 shall
    survive the termination of this Agreement.

7.  Service Provider irrevocably appoints the Company to be its
    attorney, and on its behalf to sign, execute or make any such
    instrument, and generally to use its name for the purpose of giving
    to the Company (or its nominee) the full benefit of the provisions
    of this clause.

8.  The Company may disclose to Service Provider such information in
    connection with its inventions, confidential know-how, trade
    secrets, cost information, or other proprietary information which
    the Company in its sole judgement determines will assist Service
    Provider in performing its obligations hereunder. The Company may
    provide Service Provider with models, products or similar items with
    which Service Provider may have

  made, conceived or developed inventions, confidential know-how, trade
  secrets or other proprietary information in its performance of this
  Agreement. Said inventions, confidential know-how, trade secrets
  and/or other proprietary information which is disclosed or which is
  developed by Service Provider in the scope of this Agreement shall
  remain the sole property of the Company and Service Provider shall
  have no interest in or rights with respect thereto. Service Provider
  agrees to maintain such information in confidence, to take all
  reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorised disclosure of any
  such information, and to not use such information except within the
  scope of this Agreement. The obligations of this Section shall survive
  termination of this Agreement until such time as the information
  becomes a matter of public knowledge, regardless of the reasons for
  termination of this Agreement.

3.  Transfer or Assignment

    1.  Service Provider shall not assign all or any part of the rights
        or benefits under this Agreement to any third party without the
        prior consent of the Company. This Agreement shall bind, benefit
        and be enforceable by and against both parties and their
        respective successors and permissible assigns. Any purported
        assignment in violation of this Section shall be void.

4.  General Provisions

    1.  Force Majeure

  Any delay in or failure of performance by either Party shall not
  constitute default hereunder if and to the extent caused by Force
  Majeure, which is defined to be occurrences beyond the reasonable
  control of the party effected, including but not limited to, and
  whether or not of the same class or kind as, any law, decree,
  regulation, order or acts of the government authorities, public
  disturbance, act of the public enemy, nationwide, state wide or city
  wide strike, lock-out or other labour disputes not being the result of
  any acts of Service Provider, acts of God, fire, flood, earthquake,
  explosion, riots, war, rebellion, insurrection, and sabotage.

2.  Severability

  In the event of any provision(s) contained in this Agreement shall be
  found invalid, illegal or unenforceable under any applicable law, the
  validity, legality and enforceability of the

  remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be effected
  or impaired. Notwithstanding, the Parties shall in good faith
  negotiate and agree upon alternative language to replace the offending
  provisions with a legally valid provision such that the intention of
  the Parties in entering into this Agreement is retained.

3.  Entire Agreement

  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties in
  relation to its subject matter hereunder, and shall supersede any and
  all agreements, representations, warranties, understanding, whether
  written or oral, with respect to such subject matter and no variation
  of this Agreement shall be effective unless reduced into writing and
  signed by or on behalf of each Party.

4.  Notice

  All notices, reports, approvals, consents and other communications to
  either Party shall be made in writing and shall be deemed to be duly
  served if delivered by courier, hand delivery, facsimile, or
  electronic mail to the address set forth at the beginning of this
  Agreement or to such other addresses as the Parties may designate by
  written notice from time to time.

5.  Amendments

  No addition to or modification of this Agreement shall be binding upon
  the Parties unless made by a written instrument signed by a duly
  authorized representative of each of the Parties.

6.  Waiver

  It is expressly understood that, if either Party on any occasion,
  fails to perform any term of this Agreement and the other Party does
  not enforce that term, the failure to enforce on that occasion shall
  not prevent enforcement on any other occasion.

7.  Governing Law

  This Agreement and these conditions shall be governed by and construed
  in accordance with the laws in Singapore.

8.  Counterpart

  This Agreement may be executed in two (2) counterparts, each of which
  shall be deemed original.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have hereto set their hands the day and
  year above written.

  GoGlobal Research PTE LTD (As Appointer)

  AND

  GoGlobal Information Security Private Limited (As Reseller)

  RESELLER AGREEMENT

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.  Definitions and interpretation 2

2.  Novation of Agreement and Appointment of Reseller 5

3.  Access to Products 6

4.  Changes to products 7

5.  Price 7

6.  Payment of list prices 8

7.  Taxes 9

8.  Term 9

9.  Representations and non-operating obligations 9

10. Product warranties 11

11. Intellectual property 12

12. Reseller responsibilities 15

13. License grants 16

14. Confidentiality 17

15. Termination 20

16. Effect of termination 21

17. Assignment 21

18. General conditions 21

19. Force majeure 23

20. Legal relationship 23

21. Costs 23

22. Set-off 23

23. Further assurances 24

24. Notices 24

25. Whole agreement 25

26. Waivers 26

27. Counterparts 26

28. Variations 26

29. Invalid terms 27

30. No third-party enforcement 28

31. Cumulative remedies 28

32. Governing law and dispute resolution 28

Schedule A 30

  THIS RESELLER AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is executed on

  21 Sept

2021

  PARTIES

(1) GOGLOBAL RESEARCH PTE. LTD., a company incorporated under the laws
    of Singapore with its principal office in Singapore 169876,
    represented herein by Jackson Russell (hereinafter referred to as
    "GoGlobal SG" or “Appointor”, which expression shall unless excluded
    by or repugnant to the context or meaning thereof be deemed to mean
    and include the successors, executors, administrators,
    representatives and permitted assigns) of the FIRST PART

and

(2) GOGLOBAL INFORMATION SECURITY PRIVATE LIMITED, a company
    incorporated under the laws of India in Bengaluru, represented
    herein by Mark Musk (hereinafter referred to as the “Reseller”,
    which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the
    context or meaning thereof be deemed to mean and include its
    successors, executors, administrators, representatives and permitted
    assigns) of the SECOND PART,

  (each a Party and together, the Parties).

  Words and expressions used in this Agreement shall be interpreted in
  accordance with Clause 1 (Definitions and Interpretation) of this
  Agreement.

  WHEREAS

(A) The Appointor is in the business of providing artificial
    intelligence-based risk management services (the Business). The
    Appointor has developed and desires to advertise, promote, market
    and distribute its services and products.

(B) The Appointer has acquired all of the Intellectual Property rights
    in the Products; and now wishes to appoint the Reseller as the
    Appointor's non-exclusive reseller to advertise, promote and resell
    the Products solely to third party End Users within the Territory
    and the Reseller accepts such appointment in accordance with the
    terms of this Agreement.

  IT IS AGREED:

Definitions and interpretation

In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

Definitions

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Business              has the meaning ascribed thereto in Recital (A);
  --------------------- -------------------------------------------------
  Confidential          means any information supplied by either Party,
  Information           or any of their respective Connected Persons to
                        the other Party and any of its Connected Persons,
                        whenever and in whatever form, in connection with
                        this Agreement, including any information: (a)
                        relating to either Party or any of its respective
                        Connected Persons; (b) contained or reflected in
                        any report analysis, compilation, study or other
                        material prepared by or for either Party or any
                        of their respective Connected Persons; (c)
                        relating to the existence and provisions of, or
                        the negotiations leading to, this Agreement and
                        any other documents pursuant thereto; and/or (d)
                        that would be regarded as confidential by a
                        reasonable business person, and includes written
                        information and information transferred or
                        obtained orally, visually, electronically or by
                        any other means;

  Connected Persons     means, in relation to a Party, any affiliate of
                        that Party and any officer, employee, agent,
                        adviser or representative of that Party or any of
                        its affiliates, in each case, from time to time;

  Disputes              means disputes, controversies or differences;

  Effective Date        means 29 October, 2021
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Encumbrance           means any mortgage, assignment of receivables,
                        debenture, lien, charge, pledge, title retention,
                        right to acquire, security interest, options,
                        rights of first refusal and any other encumbrance
                        or condition whatsoever;
  --------------------- -------------------------------------------------
  End User              means a person or entity that desires to use or
                        acquire the Products for its own use, rather than
                        for resale or distribution.

  Governmental          means any administrative, executive, judicial,
  Authority             legislative, regulatory, licensing, competition
                        or other governmental authority (including any
                        Tax Authority) having applicable jurisdiction;

  Initial Term          has the meaning set out in Clause 9.1 (Term);

  Intellectual Property means any trademark, pending trademark
                        application, patent, pending patent application,
                        know-how, registered and unregistered design,
                        rights in unregistered design copyright, trade
                        secrets, database rights, trade secrets, licences
                        relating to any of the above or other similar
                        industrial or commercial right subsisting or
                        attached to the Products, in whatever form and on
                        whatever media, (ii) licences relating to any of
                        the above and (iii) other industrial or
                        commercial rights of the same or similar effect
                        or nature;

  Law                   means any statute, law, rule, regulation,
                        guideline, ordinance, code or rule of law issued,
                        administered or enforced by any Governmental
                        Authority, and any judicial or administrative
                        interpretation of any of these;

  List Price            the prices as set out in Part B of Schedule A
                        (Product & List Price);

  Products              means the goods and/or services as set out in
                        Part A of Schedule A, or the derivatives thereto

  Renewal Term          has the meaning set out in Clause 9.2 (Term);

  Tax                   means (a) taxes on income, profits and gains, and
                        (b) all other taxes, levies, duties, imposts,
                        charges and withholdings in the nature of
                        taxation, together with all penalties, charges,
                        fees and interest relating to any of these or to
                        any late or incorrect return in respect of any of
                        them;
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Tax Authority         means any taxing or other authority competent to
                        impose any Tax liability, or assess or collect
                        any Tax; and
  --------------------- -------------------------------------------------
  Term                  Means the Initial Term including any Renewal Term

  Territory             means the entire territory of the Republic of
                        India

  Value Added Cost      Value Added Cost shall include all operating
                        expenses including but not limited to normal
                        recurring costs such as office rent,
                        communication charges, salaries, employee
                        benefits, depreciation on assets used,
                        amortization, and common expenses reasonably
                        incurred by the Reseller in selling the Products
                        defined under this Agreement, in a financial
                        period based on financial statements prepared in
                        accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting
                        Principles and Practices in India and audited
                        under the requirements of Indian corporate law.
                        Costs shall specifically exclude the purchase
                        price of the Products, interest paid, loss on
                        sale of fixed assets and any prior period or
                        extraordinary expenses. Cost shall also be
                        adjusted for foreign exchange losses incurred by
                        the Reseller wherein the same would be added to
                        the cost. However, no adjustments would be made
                        to the Value Added Cost on account of foreign
                        exchange gains derived by the Reseller.
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

2.  Interpretation:

    a.  references to a person include any individual, firm, body
        corporate (wherever incorporated), government, state or agency
        of a state or any joint venture, association, partnership, works
        council or employee representative body (in any case, whether or
        not it has separate legal personality);

    b.  references to a paragraph, Clause or Schedule are to those of
        this Agreement;

    c.  the headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the
        interpretation hereof;

    d.  the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and
        references to one gender include all genders;

    e.  references to any Singapore law legal term or concept shall, in
        respect of any jurisdiction other than Singapore, be construed
        as references to the term or concept that most nearly
        corresponds to it in that jurisdiction;

    f.  any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in
        particular or any similar expression shall be construed as
        merely illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words
        preceding those terms;

    g.  any reference to an enactment (which includes any legislation in
        any jurisdiction) includes references to: (i) that enactment as
        amended, consolidated or re-enacted by or under any other
        enactment whenever made;

  (ii) any enactment that that enactment re-enacts (with or without
  modification); and (iii) any subordinate legislation (including
  regulations) whenever made under that enactment, as amended,
  consolidated or re- enacted as described at (i) or (ii), except to the
  extent that any of the matters referred to in (i) to (iii) occurs on
  or after the date of this Agreement and increases or alters the
  liability of a Party under this Agreement; and

h.  the Schedules comprise Schedules to this Agreement and form part of
    this Agreement.

2.  Termination of First Reseller Agreement and Appointment of Reseller
    under this Agreement

    1.  The Parties have previously entered into an undated Reseller
        Agreement between the Parties, annexed hereto at Appendix 1 (the
        “First Reseller Agreement”).

    2.  As of the Effective Date, the Parties agree that the First
        Reseller Agreement stands terminated and that the Parties are to
        be released from the terms and conditions of the First Reseller
        Agreement in every way, including any and all past, present and
        future obligations of the Parties under the Agreements and
        neither Party shall make any claims or demands in respect of the
        same. The Parties hereby agree and

acknowledge that the accounts under the First Reseller Agreement have
been settled and there are no amounts outstanding as on the Effective
Date.

3.  The Appointor hereby authorises and appoints the Reseller with
    effect from the Effective Date, and the Reseller hereby accepts the
    authorisation and appointment, as the Appointor's non-exclusive
    reseller, to market, sell, or incorporate for resale the Products
    within the Territory during the Term.

4.  The Reseller may not authorize or appoint any dealers,
    sub-resellers, agents, representatives, subcontractors, or other
    third parties to advertise, promote, resell, or distribute the
    Products in the Territory during the Term without the written
    consent of the Appointer and such consent shall not be unreasonably
    withheld.

5.  The Reseller reserves the right to advertise, promote, market and
    distribute the Products, and to appoint third parties to advertise,
    promote, market and distribute the Products, worldwide, including in
    the Territory. Further, the Reseller reserves the right, in its sole
    discretion, at any time and from time to time, to modify any or all
    of the Products it offers, or to discontinue the service, support of
    publication, distribution, sale or licensing of any or all of the
    Products without liability of any kind subject to prior written
    notification to the Appointer.

6.  The Appointor may revise the list of Products by:

    a.  giving the Reseller written notice; and

    b.  co-operating with the Reseller to draft, execute, and attach to
        this Agreement an amended list of Products reflecting the
        revisions.

Access to Products

The Reseller’s access to and use of the Products for resale is provided
through the appropriate service channel as may be mutually agreed
between the Parties from time to time (“Service Channel”).

Changes to Products

The Appointor may discontinue or modify the Products, modify the Product
specifications, or replace the Products with similar or third-party
products, subject to prior written notification to the Appointer.
However, the Appointor shall not discontinue, modify, or replace
Products that are subject to an accepted and outstanding purchase order
or unless required by Law.

5.  Purchase Price

    1.  The price for the Products sold to Reseller would be determined
        by reducing from the List Price, a compensation to the Reseller
        for the Value Added Costs (‘VAC’) together with an arm’s length
        margin on such VAC. It is agreed by the parties that such margin
        not be less than 17% on the VAC.

    2.  The Parties further agree that the Reseller would be assured of
        the agreed margin on the VAC. In this regard, the Parties agree
        to establish a price checking mechanism whereby, the net
        operating margin of the Reseller will be budgeted (on a
        corridor) per January 1 and will be monitored on a quarterly
        basis during the relevant financial year for compliance with the
        agreed margin. Where at the end of the quarter, such net
        operating margin of the Reseller is determined as having been
        less than the arm’s length margin (termed as the ‘lower
        variance’), the Reseller would be remunerated by way of a
        compensation for the lower variance.

    3.  The Reseller may determine its own retail prices but shall take
        into account suggested retail prices provided by the Appointor.

    4.  Changes to Prices

        a.  If the Appointor changes its List Price, the Appointor shall
            give the Reseller one months' notice before implementing
            those changes.

        b.  Any changes to the Reseller’s margin is subject to the
            approval of both the Appointer and the Reseller.

        c.  Changes to the Appointor's List Price and/or the Reseller’s
            Discount will not affect any purchase orders already
            submitted before the date of the change.

6.  Payment of List Prices

    1.  The Appointor shall invoice the Reseller for each delivery of
        Products within 14 days after the Reseller accepts the delivery.

    2.  The Appointor shall:

        a.  make each invoice to the Reseller in writing, including:

            i.  an invoice date and number;

            ii. the total amount due; and

            iii. the calculation of the total amount, and

        b.  send each invoice to the recipient the Reseller specifies
              directly below:

    3.  The Reseller shall pay each invoice:

        a.  within 60 days after receiving each invoice;

        b.  in immediately available funds; and

        c.  to the account the Appointor specifies directly below:

7.  Taxes

Payment amounts under this Agreement do not include Taxes, and the
Appointer shall pay all Taxes applicable to payments between the Parties
under this Agreement.

8.  Term

    1.  The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective
        Date and continue for 36 months, unless terminated earlier (the
        Initial Term).

    2.  Subject to Clause 8.3, at the end of each Term this Agreement
        will automatically renew for a renewal term of 12 months, unless
        terminated earlier (the Renewal Term).

    3.  Either Party may elect not to renew this Agreement, by providing
        notice to the other Party at least 30 days before the end of the
        Term.

9.  Representations and non-operating obligations

    1.  The Reseller represents and warrants to the Appointor, with the
        intention that the Appointor will rely thereon in entering into
        this Agreement, that:

        a.  the Reseller is a corporation duly organised, validly
            existing, of good standing under the laws of the
            jurisdiction where it was incorporated and qualified to do
            business under the laws of the Territory;

        b.  the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
            does not conflict with, or constitute a breach of any
            contract, agreement, mortgage, bylaw provision, lease or
            restriction of any nature to which the Reseller is a party.
            So long as this Agreement is in effect, the Reseller will
            not undertake any obligations the performance of which would
            constitute a breach hereunder or would affect the Reseller's
            performance hereunder;

        c.  the Reseller has all necessary corporate power and authority
            to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and this
            Agreement shall be valid, binding and enforceable in
            accordance with the terms hereunder upon the Reseller and
            its successors and assigns when executed;

        d.  no steps have been taken for the dissolution of the Reseller
            nor have any legal proceedings been commenced or threatened
            for the dissolution of the Reseller or for the appointment
            of a receiver, trustee, judicial manager or similar officer
            of the Reseller or any of its assets;

    2.  All representations and warranties of the Reseller contained in
        this Agreement shall be complete, correct and accurate on the
        Effective Date, shall remain in effect thereafter so long as
        this Agreement is in effect and shall survive any termination of
        this Agreement. The Reseller shall inform the Appointor in
        writing immediately if any of the representations and warranties
        of the Reseller contained herein shall become incomplete,
        incorrect or inaccurate for any reason whatsoever, and the
        Reseller shall immediately take efforts to rectify such
        situation. The Reseller's failure to immediately inform the
        Appointor of such situation or to correct such situation shall
        be a material breach of this Agreement.

    3.  The Reseller undertakes to comply with all applicable Laws and
        regulations in the conduct of its business at all times.

10. Product warranties

    1.  All the Appointor Products are covered by the Appointor's
        limited warranty statements that are provided with the Products
        or otherwise made available by the Appointor from time to time.

    2.  The Appointor hereby warrants that when operated according to
        the documentation and other instructions the Appointor provides
        from time to time, Products will perform substantially according
        to the functional specifications listed in such documentation.

    3.  Subject to the limited warranty offered by the Appointor along
        with the Products as more particularly provided for in Clause
        10.1 hereinabove, the Appointor's obligation to repair or
        replace defects shall be at its sole discretion and shall be the
        Reseller's sole remedy for defects. Notwithstanding the above
        the Appointor shall not be obligated to repair or replace any
        defect to the extent that such defect is attributable to any act
        or omission on the part of the Reseller in the performance of
        its obligations as set out in this Agreement.

    4.  Unless otherwise listed in this Agreement:

        a.  the Appointor does not make any warranty regarding the
            Products; and

        b.  the Appointor disclaims to the fullest extent permissible by
            Law any and all other warranties, whether express or
            implied, including any implied warranties of title,
            non-infringement, quiet enjoyment, integration,
            merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

    5.  It is expressly agreed by the Parties that the Reseller shall in
        no way be held responsible or liable for any loss, damage or
        injury caused to any End User of the Product as a consequence of
        any negligence or defect in Products and the Appointer herein
        expressly indemnifies the Reseller against the same.

11. Intellectual Property

    1.  The Reseller hereby acknowledges that:

        a.  the Appointor owns all the Intellectual Property, and that
            valuable goodwill is attached thereto and any goodwill
            established thereby shall inure to the exclusive benefit of
            the Appointor;

        b.  the Appointor's rights in the Intellectual Property includes
            all configurations of the marks as indicated in all present
            registrations and applications as well as all configurations
            of the marks as indicated in future registrations and
            applications and shall extend to all representations of the
            said registrations and applications in any language and
            combination when used in any way as a trade or product
            identification or indicia of origin or sponsorship;

        c.  the Appointor's rights are not limited to the aforesaid
            registrations or applications, but are in addition to all
            other rights afforded to the Appointor by law, custom and
            practice including common law rights which are vested in the
            Appointor as a result of its long continuing, widespread and
            successful use of the Intellectual Property in Singapore and
            elsewhere;

        d.  the Appointor has by this Agreement licensed to the Reseller
            the use of the Intellectual Property within the Territory
            only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
            Agreement and in particular in accordance with Clause 13
            below;

        e.  no title to the Intellectual Property will pass hereunder to
            or through the Reseller, and only the rights expressly
            granted in or pursuant to this Agreement are provided to the
            Reseller;

        f.  the Reseller does not have the right to use and will not use
            the Intellectual Property as indicated in the present
            registrations and applications or as indicated in any
            modified representation thereof or as may be indicated in
            future registrations and applications either individually or
            any combination

  (i) as part of the Reseller's corporate name or in any other way,
  except as specifically licensed hereunder, or (ii) as part of the name
  of any company or as part of any trade name or with any suffix/prefix
  or other modifying trademarks, logos, words, terms, designs or
  symbols;

g.  any usage of the Intellectual Property by the Reseller will inure to
    the benefit of the Appointor and shall be deemed to be usage by the
    Appointor; and

2.  The Reseller undertakes that it will not use and will not permit or
    cause the use of, the Intellectual Property, except in the manner
    and to the extent specifically licensed to the Reseller by this
    Agreement. Such use hereunder will accurately portray the
    Intellectual Property and will not jeopardise or adversely affect
    the goodwill attached thereto.

3.  The Reseller shall, at the Appointor's expense, do all such acts and
    things and execute and deliver all such documents, notices and forms
    as the Appointor deems necessary to protect its ownership of the
    Intellectual Property, including if applicable, registering itself
    as a licensed user of the same in the Territory and producing proof
    of such registration to the Appointor within such time as the
    Appointor may specify.

4.  The Reseller agrees that:

    a.  the Reseller or its successors will be provided by the Appointor
        in confidence with forms and other materials which are
        restricted information and proprietary property, belonging to
        and exclusively for the benefit of the Appointor and constitute
        valuable trade secrets of the Appointor which are fully
        protected by the Appointor's copyrights; and

    b.  the Reseller will use the Intellectual Property solely in
        connection with the Business and for the benefit of the Reseller
        and in accordance with Clause 11.1(d) only and that the Reseller
        will not permit, directly or indirectly, at any time, any
        disclosure or delivery of any document or other item concerning
        any of the Intellectual Property thereof, to any person, except
        authorized

  employees of the Reseller or as specifically directed by the
  Appointor; nor will the Reseller copy or imitate or aid anyone else to
  copy or imitate the same, either for the Reseller's benefit or for the
  benefit of any other person, firm or corporation, as principal, agent,
  employee, or in any other capacity.

5.  The Reseller will immediately notify the Appointor of all
    circumstances coming to the attention of the Reseller which may
    constitute an infringement of any of the rights in the Intellectual
    Property and any unregistered Intellectual Property rights and shall
    take such action in connection therewith as the Appointor may direct
    at the expense of the Appointor to assist the Appointor in the
    protection of the Intellectual Property. The Reseller will, no later
    than 10 days after receiving notice of the same, notify the
    Appointor in writing of any claim, demand or suit based upon or
    arising from the use of, or of any attempt by any other person, firm
    or corporation to use, any of the Intellectual Property. The
    Reseller will also promptly notify the Appointor in writing of any
    litigation relating to this Agreement or the Reseller's operations
    hereunder instituted by the Reseller or by any person, firm,
    corporation or governmental agency against the Reseller.

6.  The Appointor, at its own expense, shall have the right in its sole
    discretion to undertake the defence or prosecution, as the case may
    be, of any and all claims or causes of action arising from the
    Reseller's use, under and pursuant to this Agreement, of the
    Intellectual Property. The Appointor shall have the option of
    conducting the defence or prosecution (as the case may be) in the
    Territory or elsewhere in the name of the Reseller at the cost of
    the Appointor.

7.  The Appointor, at its option, shall also have the right in its sole
    discretion to advise, assist or undertake the defence or
    prosecution, as the case may be, of any hearings or conferences
    before any governmental agencies or litigation directly or
    indirectly concerning the Intellectual Property, and the Reseller
    shall promptly notify the Appointor of any such matters in writing.

8.  In the event the Appointor, pursuant to the terms of this Clause 11
    (Intellectual Property), undertakes the defence or prosecution of
    any litigation, the Reseller shall execute any and all documents and
    do such lawful acts and things as may, in the opinion of the
    Appointor or the legal counsel for the Appointor, be necessary to
    carry out such defence or prosecution, either in the name of the
    Appointor or in the name of the Reseller, as the Appointor shall
    elect.

9.  In addition, the Reseller undertakes to give its fullest
    co-operation and render all necessary assistance in protecting the
    Appointor’s ownership of the Intellectual Property and goodwill, and
    the intellectual property rights in and attaching thereto.

12. Reseller’s responsibilities

    1.  The Reseller shall use reasonable efforts to market, advertise,
        and otherwise promote and sell the Products in the Territory.

    2.  The Reseller shall ensure that any of its employees who are
        responsible for the marketing, sales, and technical support
        services for the Products have proper skill, training, and
        background to enable them to provide these services in a
        competent and professional manner, including ensuring relevant
        employees complete any training programs the Appointor requires.

    3.  The Reseller shall work closely with the Appointor and use
        reasonable efforts to meet the mutually agreed-upon sales goals.

    4.  The Reseller will not remove or alter any trademarks, Product
        identification, notices of any proprietary or copyright
        restrictions, or other markings or notices that appear on the
        Products or their packaging.

    5.  The Reseller will not:

        a.  create or attempt to, or aid or permits others to, create by
            reverse engineering, disassembly, decompilation, reverse
            engineering or otherwise, the internal structure, the source
            code, hardware design, or organization of any Product;

        b.  copy, modify, translate, or create derivative works of
            software included in any Product, unless the Appointor
            consents in writing; or

        c.  separate the Product into component parts for distribution
            or transfer to a third party.

    6.  The Reseller may use Products for its internal use, unless the
        Appointor notifies otherwise in writing.

    7.  The Reseller shall apply for the requisite
        licences/authorisations necessary for the provision of the
        Products in the Territory at its own cost, and comply with
        applicable Law in the Territory

13. License grants

    1.  The Appointor hereby grants the Reseller a non-transferable,
        non-exclusive, non- sublicensable, and royalty-free license, for
        the duration of the Term, to use and distribute any software
        incorporated in Products solely for use by End Users within the
        Territory and in connection with their use of Products.

    2.  The Appointor hereby grants to the Reseller a non-transferable,
        non-exclusive, non- sublicensable, and royalty-free license,
        within the Territory and for the duration of the Term, to:

        a.  reproduce or transmit documentation the Appointor provides
            the Reseller for marketing, selling, and distributing the
            Products (provided such documentation is not modified and
            proprietary notices are not removed);

        b.  reproduce and transmit any user manuals and other
            documentation the Appointor creates for customers in
            connection with the Products.

    3.  The Appointor hereby grants to the Reseller a non-transferable,
        non-exclusive, non- sublicensable, and royalty-free license,
        within the Territory and for the duration of the Term, to use
        the Appointor's name, trademarks, logos, and other identifying
        information on marketing literature, advertising, promotions,
        customer information,

and programs the Reseller creates in connection with the Products,
subject to the Appointor's written approval in each instance.

4.  The Reseller shall comply with all of the Appointor's policies
    regarding the use and display of the Appointor's name, trademarks,
    logos, and other identifying information that the Appointor provides
    to the Reseller in writing.

14. Confidentiality

    1.  Each Party shall (and shall procure that each of its Connected
        Persons shall):

        a.  hold Confidential Information in confidence;

        b.  not copy or reproduce it;

        c.  not disclose it to any person other than a Connected Person;
            and

        d.  use the Confidential Information only for the purpose of
            exercising or

  performing that Party’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.

2.  Clause 14.1 shall not apply to Confidential Information to the
    extent that:

    a.  the Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by law
        or by any stock exchange or Governmental Authority. If the
        receiving party believes that this Clause (a) applies, it shall,
        as far as it is practicable and lawful to do so (and except in
        connection with disclosure to a Tax Authority):

        i.  first consult the disclosing party to give the disclosing
            party an opportunity to contest the disclosure; and

        ii. take into account the disclosing party’s reasonable
              requirements about

  the proposed form, timing, nature and extent of the disclosure;

b.  the Confidential Information is required to be disclosed so that the
    receiving party can fulfil its obligations under this Agreement;

c.  the Confidential Information was already in the public domain when
    it was first made available to/received by the receiving party;

d.  the Confidential Information subsequently enters the public domain,
    other than through breach of Clause 14.1;

e.  written records show that, when the Confidential Information was
    first made available to the receiving party, it was already in the
    lawful possession of the receiving party or any of its Connected
    Persons;

f.  the Confidential Information is developed by or for the receiving
    party at any time independently of the information disclosed to it
    by the disclosing party by persons who have had no access to or
    knowledge of the said information;

g.  after it is first made available to either of them, the receiving
    party or a Connected Person lawfully receives the Confidential
    Information from a third party who does not owe the disclosing
    party, or any of its Connected Persons, an obligation of confidence
    in relation to it;

h.  the Confidential Information is required to be disclosed for the
    purpose of any arbitral or judicial proceedings arising out of this
    Agreement;

i.  provided that prior written consent of the Appointor is obtained,
    the Confidential Information is required to be disclosed to lending
    banks, financial institutions or any other funding or prospective
    funding (whether debt or equity) parties of the receiving party or
    any of its Affiliates or arrangers of that funding or rating
    agencies engaged by or on behalf of the receiving party for the
    purpose of getting funding;

j.  provided that prior written consent of the Appointor is obtained,
    the Confidential Information is required to be disclosed to a bona
    fide third-party purchaser or prospective purchaser of any shares in
    or assets of the receiving party; or

k.  provided that prior written consent of the Appointor is obtained,
    the Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by the
    receiving party to:

    i.  its direct or indirect investors, including any person who the
        receiving party reasonably believes is likely to become a direct
        or indirect investor;

    ii. persons who the receiving party reasonably believes are likely
        to become investors in its shares, whether directly or
        indirectly, through syndication by its investors; or

    iii. directors, officers or advisers of persons falling under (i) or
           (ii).

3.  Each Party shall disclose Confidential Information as permitted by
    this Clause 14 only if it is reasonably required and, in the case of
    disclosures under Clauses 14.2(b), 14.2(i) and 14.2(j), only if the
    Party to whom the disclosure is made is informed of the confidential
    nature of the Confidential Information and acknowledges that it is
    subject to a duty of confidentiality on substantially the same terms
    as this Clause 14.

4.  Subject to Clause 14.5, if this Agreement terminates, the receiving
    party shall (and shall procure that its Connected Persons shall),
    within 20 (twenty) days after receiving a written request by the
    disclosing party:

    a.  destroy, or return to the disclosing party, all copies of any
        document that contains any Confidential Information;

    b.  take reasonable steps to erase the Confidential Information from
        any computer or other digital device on which it is held; and

    c.  appoint one of its authorised officers to supervise the steps
        contemplated in Clauses 14.4(a) and 14.4(b), and to certify in
        writing to the disclosing party that they have been carried out.

For the purposes of Clause 14.4, document includes any material prepared
by or on behalf of either Party or its Connected Persons.

5.  Each Party and its Connected Persons may retain any Confidential
    Information to the extent required, and for the time period
    specified, by any applicable law, including the rules of a
    professional body [or under the terms of any of its insurance
    policies].

6.  Subject to Clause 14.7, neither Party shall make, or permit any
    person to make, any public announcement, communication or circular
    (an announcement) concerning this Agreement without the prior
    written consent of the other Party (such consent not to be
    unreasonably withheld or delayed).

7.  Nothing in Clause 14.6 shall prevent either Party from making an
    announcement required to by Law or by any stock exchange or
    Governmental Authority. Where one Party and/or its advisers is
    required to make the necessary announcement, such Party if permitted
    by the applicable laws, rules or regulations undertakes to inform
    the other Party of such fact in advance.

8.  The provisions of this Clause 14 shall survive termination or expiry
    of this Agreement.

15. Termination

    1.  Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason on ten
        days’ notice to the

other Party.

2.  Each Party may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by
    delivering notice of the termination to the other Party, if:

    a.  the other Party fails to perform, has made or makes any
        inaccuracy in, or otherwise materially breaches, any of its
        obligations, covenants, or representations; and

    b.  the failure, inaccuracy, or breach continues for a period of 30
        days after the injured Party delivers notice to the breaching
        Party reasonably detailing the breach.

16. Effect of termination

    1.  Except as otherwise provided, on termination or expiration of
        this Agreement, each Party's rights and obligations under this
        agreement will cease immediately.

    2.  Even after termination or expiration of this Agreement, each
        Party shall:

        a.  pay any amounts it owes to the other Party, including
            payment obligations for services already rendered, work
            already performed, goods already delivered, or expenses
            already incurred; and

        b.  refund any payments received but not yet earned, including
            payments for services not rendered, work not performed, or
            goods not delivered, expenses forwarded.

17. Assignment

Except with the prior written consent of the other Party, neither Party
may:

(a) assign, transfer, charge or otherwise deal with any of its rights or
    obligations under this Agreement nor grant, declare, create or
    dispose of any right or interest in it; or

(b) sub-contract the performance of any of its obligations under this
    Agreement.

    1.  General conditions

        1.  This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit
            of the Parties and their respective legal representatives,
            successors and permitted assigns.

        2.  The Reseller agrees that the Appointor shall be entitled to
            require specific performance from the Reseller.

        3.  The failure of either Party to enforce at any time or for
            any period of time any provision of this Agreement will not
            be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of the
            right of such Party thereafter to enforce each such
            provision and shall not be construed to

be a waiver of any subsequent breaches by the other Party to comply with
any provision of this Agreement.

4.  No remedy conferred by any of the provisions of this Agreement is
    intended to be exclusive of any other remedy which is otherwise
    available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise, and each and
    every other remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to
    every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at
    law, in equity, by statute or otherwise. The election or any one or
    more of such remedies by any of the Parties shall not constitute a
    waiver by such Party of the right to pursue any other available
    remedies.

5.  The Reseller acknowledges as follows:

    a.  that it has been advised to seek other appropriate independent
        advice and that the decision to enter into this Agreement has
        been taken solely on the basis of personal judgment and
        experience of the Reseller having taken such independent advice.
        Accordingly, the Reseller acknowledges that no representation
        warranty inducement or promise express or implied had been made
        by the Appointor or relied upon by the Reseller in entering into
        this Agreement.

6.  It is hereby expressly agreed between the Parties that each of the
    restrictions contained in this Agreement is reasonably necessary for
    the protection of the Appointor and the Intellectual Property and
    does not unreasonably interfere with the freedom of action of the
    Reseller who enters into this Agreement with the benefit of legal
    advice in full knowledge of all the provisions hereof and the
    Reseller acknowledges that all such provisions are fair and
    reasonable. Neither the Reseller nor its employees shall be
    construed to be either legal or implied partners, agents, servants
    or employees of the Appointor and have no authority whatsoever to
    act for or on behalf of the Appointor. No acts or assistance given
    by the Appointor pursuant to this Agreement will be construed to
    alter this relationship. It is the intention of the Parties that the
    Reseller will exercise control over the manner and means of the

operation of its business pursuant to this Agreement. The Reseller will
have no right or authority and will not attempt to negotiate, enter
into, permit or cause its employees to negotiate or attempt to or enter
into contracts or commitments of any nature in name of or on behalf of
the Appointor that provide for successor liability or that purport to
bind the Appointor in any respect whatsoever.

7.  All rights and licences not specifically and expressly granted to
    and conferred upon the Reseller by this Agreement are for all
    purposes reserved by the Appointor.

2.  Force majeure

    1.  Neither Party shall be liable for any failure to perform, or
        delay in performing, any obligation under this Agreement if the
        failure or delay results from any circumstance beyond its
        reasonable control. The affected party shall be entitled to a
        reasonable extension of the time for performing the obligation.

3.  Legal relationship

Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a partnership between the
Parties nor make either Party the agent of the other Party for any
purpose.

Costs

  Each Party to pay own costs

1.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party shall pay
    its own costs incurred in connection with negotiating, preparing and
    completing this Agreement.

5.  Set-off Permitting Set-off

Whenever under this Agreement any sum of money shall be recoverable from
or payable by each Party, the same may be deducted from any sum then due
or which at any time thereafter may become due to the Party under this
or any other contract

with the other Party. Exercise by each Party of its rights under this
Clause 22 shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies
available to that Party under this Agreement, or otherwise howsoever, at
law or in equity.

6.  Further assurances

    1.  At its own cost, each Party and its affiliates shall do anything
        that is required by law or may be reasonably necessary or
        desirable to implement and give effect to this Agreement.

    2.  Each Party shall procure so far as it is lawful and practicable
        to do so that each of its affiliates complies with all
        obligations under this Agreement that are expressed to apply to
        any of its affiliates.

7.  Notices

    1.  Any notice to be given by one Party to the other Party in
        connection with this Agreement shall be in writing in English
        and signed by or on behalf of the Party giving it. It shall be
        delivered by hand, email, registered post or courier using a
        nationally recognised courier company.

    2.  A notice shall be effective upon receipt and shall be deemed to
        have been received

(i) at the time of delivery, if delivered by hand, registered post or
courier or (ii) at the time of transmission if delivered by email. Where
delivery occurs outside Working Hours, notice shall be deemed to have
been received at the start of Working Hours on the next following
Business Day.

3.  The addresses and email addresses of the Parties for the purpose of
    Clause 24.1 are: In the case of a notice to Reseller:

  To: GoGlobal Information Security Private Limited

In the case of Appointer:

  To: GoGlobal Research Pte. Ltd.

4.  Each Party shall notify the other Party in writing of a change to
    its details in Clause

24.3 from time to time.

8.  Whole agreement

    1.  This Agreement sets out the whole agreement between the Parties
        in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement and
        supersedes any previous draft, agreement, arrangement or
        understanding, whether in writing or not, relating to its
        subject matter. It is agreed that:

        a.  no Party has relied on or shall have any claim or remedy
            arising under or in connection with any statement,
            representation, warranty or undertaking made by or on behalf
            of the other Party (or any of its Connected Persons) in
            relation to the subject matter of this Agreement that is not
            expressly set out in this Agreement;

        b.  any terms or conditions implied by law in any jurisdiction
            in relation to the subject matter of this Agreement are
            excluded to the fullest extent permitted by Law or, if
            incapable of exclusion, any rights or remedies in relation
            to them are irrevocably waived;

        c.  the only right or remedy of a Party in relation to any
            provision of this Agreement shall be for breach of this
            Agreement ; and

        d.  except for any liability in respect of a breach of this
            Agreement, neither Party (nor any of its Connected Persons)
            shall owe any duty of care or have any

  liability in tort or otherwise to the other Party (or its respective
  Connected Persons) in relation to the subject matter of this
  Agreement.

2.  Nothing in this Clause 25 shall limit any liability for (or remedy
    in respect of) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.

3.  Each Party agrees to the terms of this Clause 25 on its own behalf
    and as agent for each of its Connected Persons.

9.  Waivers

    1.  No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right under
        this Agreement or provided by law shall affect that right or
        operate as a waiver of the right. The single or partial exercise
        of any right under this Agreement or provided by law shall not
        preclude any further exercise of it.

    2.  The rights and remedies of the Appointer under this Agreement
        shall not be affected, and the Reseller’s liability under this
        Agreement shall not, subject to compliance with the notice
        requirements in Clause 24 of this Agreement, be released,
        discharged or impaired by the expiry of any limitation period
        prescribed by law.

10. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by
each Party on separate counterparts. Each counterpart is an original,
but all counterparts shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. Delivery of a counterpart of this Agreement by e-mail
attachment shall be an effective mode of delivery. If such method is
adopted, without prejudice to the validity of this Agreement, each Party
shall provide the others with the original counterpart of this Agreement
as soon as is reasonably practicable following the date of this
Agreement.

11. Variations

    1.  No variation of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in
        writing and signed by or on behalf of all of the Parties to it.

    2.  If this Agreement is varied:

        a.  the variation shall not constitute a general waiver of any
            provisions of this Agreement;

        b.  the variation shall not affect any rights, obligations or
            liabilities under this Agreement that have already accrued
            up to the date of variation; and

        c.  the rights and obligations of the Parties under this
            Agreement shall remain in force, except as, and only to the
            extent that, they are varied.

12. Invalid terms

    1.  Each of the provisions of this Agreement is severable.

    2.  If and to the extent that any provision of this Agreement:

        a.  is held to be, or becomes, invalid or unenforceable under
            the law of any jurisdiction; but

        b.  would be valid, binding and enforceable if some part of the
            provision were deleted or amended,

then the provision shall apply with the minimum modifications necessary
to make it valid, binding and enforceable and neither the validity or
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, nor the
validity or enforceability of that provision under the law of any other
jurisdiction, shall in any way be affected or impaired as a result of
this Clause 29.1.

3.  The Parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend or replace any
    invalid, void or unenforceable provision with a valid, binding and
    enforceable substitute provision or provisions, so that, after the
    amendment or replacement, the commercial effect of the Agreement is
    as close as possible to the effect it would have had if the relevant
    provision had not been invalid, void or unenforceable.

No third-party enforcement

A person who is not a Party to this Agreement shall have no right under
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) of Singapore to
enforce any of its terms.

Cumulative remedies

The provisions of this Agreement, and the rights and remedies of the
Parties under this Agreement are cumulative and are without prejudice
and in addition to any rights or remedies a Party may have at law or in
equity; no exercise by a Party of any one right or remedy under this
Agreement, or at law or in equity, shall operate so as to hinder or
prevent the exercise by it of any other such right or remedy.

15. Violation of terms

The Parties agree that each Party shall be entitled to an injunction,
restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or
such other equitable relief as a court of competent jurisdiction may
deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other Party from
committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants,
obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These
injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other
rights and remedies the Parties may have at law or in equity, including
without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this
Agreement and related costs and a right for damages.

16. Governing law and dispute resolution

    1.  This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out
        of, or in connection with it, shall be governed by, and
        interpreted in accordance with, Singapore law.

    2.  Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
        and any other documents relating to this Agreement, including
        any question regarding its existence, validity or termination,
        shall be referred to and finally and conclusively resolved by
        arbitration in Singapore at the Singapore International
        Arbitration Centre (the SIAC)

and in accordance with the arbitration rules of the SIAC for the time
being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference
into this Clause 33.2 (Governing Law and Arbitration). The arbitration
tribunal shall consist of one arbitrator to be appointed by the
President of the Court of Arbitration of the SIAC. In the event that
recourse to the courts shall be necessary for the purpose of determining
any question of law required to be determined for arbitration, the
Parties hereto hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
Courts of the Republic of Singapore. The language of the arbitration
shall be English. The law for the arbitration agreement shall be
Singapore law.

This Agreement is signed by authorised representatives of the Parties:

  APPOINTOR

+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|   SIGNED                            |   )           |               |
+=====================================+===============+===============+
|   for and on behalf of              |   )           |               |
|                                     |               |               |
|   GoGlobal Research PTE LTD         |               |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|                                     | Signature:    |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|                                     |               |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|                                     |   Name:       |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
| RESELLER                            |               |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|   SIGNED                            |   )           |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|   for and on behalf of              |   )           |               |
|                                     |               |               |
|   GoGlobal Information Security     |               |               |
|   Private Limited                   |               |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|                                     | Signature:    |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|                                     |               |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+
|                                     |   Name:       |               |
+-------------------------------------+---------------+---------------+

-   Cybersecure Elite

-   Cybersecure Pro

-   Threat detect

 Schedule A

PART A – LIST OF PRODUCTS

-   Bogey research

  PART B – PRICE LIST

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  GoGlobal Pricing - 2021                             
  ------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------
  GoGlobal License                Annual Contract     Effective
                                  Value - Price/Year  Price/Keywords/Year

  1 - 10                          $ 15,620            $ 1,562

  11 - 20                         $ 28,800            $ 1,440

  21 - 50                         $ 48,650            $ 973

  51 - 100                        $ 56,755            $ 568

  101 - 200                       $ 66,080            $ 330

  201 - 500                       $ 75,200            $ 150

  501 - 1000                      $ 84,325            $ 84

  1001 - 1500                     $ 93,445            $ 62

  1501 - 2000                     $ 1,02,560          $ 51

  2001 - 5000                     $ 1,36,200          $ 27
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------

